---
layout: post
title: Summer is here 2016!
author: Nicky Lim
---

Finals are over and summer is here!

Over the end of the Academic Year, the SSA held their elections and have elected a new team to run the board. Congratulations Nicky, Sean, Rachael, Shao Hao and Yi Chao!

This year, the ExCo has decided to try a new approach towards defining the roles of the Board of Directors (BOD) — who took care of day to day operations of the SSA — as they believe it would be better to structure interested SSA members who want to help out by the major events we have.
Hence, the Exco has decided to rename it to the Board of Officers. This implies that planning will be decentralised and our officers be involved in planning SSA's major events. We always welcome applications to help plan our events so do contact us if that interest you!

The update of the website has also been synced to coincide with the announcement of Illini Day which will be happening at Furama on June 4, 2016. Do check out the `Event` page for more details and RSVP to it.

To anyone who will be heading over to UIUC this fall 2016, welcome to the SSA and we hope to connect with you. Do reach out to us through the facebook group listed on our website or check back to the website where we will update it with our events throughout the year.

To the graduates and exchangees leaving this Spring 2016, the SSA wishes you all the best in your future endeavours and it has been amazing to have you with us doing this chapter of your life.

All the best and have a great summer! 
